changes in Readme file (#5)
kirillsud/luba-web: README.md

## Start the app

> To start the development server run `nx serve luba-web` (run `npx nx serve luba-web` in case npx installed locally). Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:4200/. Happy coding!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the development server run `nx serve luba-web` (run `npx nx serve luba-web` in case nx is not installed globally). Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:4200/. Happy coding!
```
